Add documentation on review apps (#1015)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit: internal_docs/review-apps.md

# Pull Request Review apps

This repo uses [Heroku review apps](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/github-integration-review-apps)
to give reviewers a way to easily preview and test changes to the app.

Previews of Pull Requests are automatically published to a URL which has the
prefix `govuk-prototype-kit` followed by the identifier number of the pull request.

For example, pull request #137 would be deployed to `govuk-prototype-kit-pr-137.herokuapp.com`.

The govuk-design-system-ci user should comment on each PR shortly after

> building the review app with a link.

Reviewer: Unless something has changed, I think this is specific to the `govuk-design-system` repo, which uses Netlify rather than Heroku.

With Heroku, review apps will be associated as 'deployments' of the PR. There won't be a comment, but deploys will appear in the timeline as 'events' and the deployment will be listed at the bottom of the PR above the status checks.

Author: Ah, I wasn't sure what the little status thingies were called. I'll update the doc to reflect this.

Author: Updated, let me know if the new content makes sense to you.

> # Pull Request Review apps

Reviewer 2: GOV.UK guidance is to display words that come after a title in lowercase. So we could title this either:

> Pull request review apps

or, if you want to parallel how the doc above this one is titled 'Review apps':

> Review apps for pull requests

This repo uses [Heroku review apps](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/github-integration-review-apps)

> to give reviewers a way to easily preview and test changes to the app.

Author: Umm, I'm not sure what the distinction is... the kit is an app? I guess changes to the kit would be just as valid then?

> If a pull request is created from a fork of this repo (typical if the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you create a pull request from a fork of this repo (typical if the
```

Reviewer 2: Suggesting we reword in second person as that can sometimes help personalise content for users.

> If you create a pull request from a fork of this repo (typical if the

Reviewer: Minor, but the use of 'you' here doesn't seem quite right – authors of PRs from forks aren't the target audience for this doc, and if they were they won't have access to create a review app manually from the Heroku dashboard.

Suggest something like 'If a contributor opens a pull request from a fork'?

contributor is not part of the alphagov organisation) then the review app will

> not be created automatically; however it can be created manually from the

Reviewer 2: I like semi-colons, but the GOV.UK style guide says not to use them, as users often misread them.

Heroku dashboard.

> Previews of Pull Requests are automatically published to a URL which has the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previews of pull requests are automatically published to a URL which has the
```

prefix `govuk-prototype-kit` followed by the identifier number of the pull request.

For example, pull request #137 would be deployed to `govuk-prototype-kit-pr-137.herokuapp.com`.

> The govuk-design-system-ci should create a GitHub deployment as Heroku builds

Reviewer 2: Noob question: should govuk-design-system-ci display inside back quotes?

Author: Ooh err I struggle with this one; I personally find it can get quite busy putting terms in backquotes every time so tend to take an backquote the first time approach, but I'm not consistent.

Also here govuk-design-system-ci is a user so it could be @govuk-design-system-ci 

And I'm not sure why I've put "The" haha 🤦

> @govuk-design-system-ci should create a GitHub deployment as Heroku builds

Reviewer: I don't think `govuk-design-system-ci` is really involved in this, other than the fact that Heroku is linked to that account. Suggest something like 'Heroku should create a GitHub deployment when it builds and deploys the review app'?

Author: That is technically correct, however it does appear on the face of it that the deployment is done by @govuk-design-system-ci ... I feel like saying 'Heroku creates...' might cause confusion later down the line.

Maybe something like 'As Heroku builds and deploys the review app it will create a GitHub deployment via the @govuk-design-system-ci user'?

> As Heroku builds and deploys the review app it will create a GitHub deployment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As Heroku builds and deploys the review app, it will create a GitHub deployment
```

and deploys the review app. The deployment will appear both as an event in the

> PR timeline and as an active deployment in the deployment status above the PR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PR timeline, and as an active deployment in the deployment status above the PR
```

> status checks. Once the review app has been deployed a button linking to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
status checks. Once the review app has been deployed, a button linking to the
```

Reviewer 2: Do we need to say what the button enables users to do? (To open the review app and preview their changes?)

review app will become active.

## Configuration

> The configuration of the review apps in this repo is maintained in the Design

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The configuration of this repo's review apps is maintained in the Design
```

> System Heroku account, the credentials for which can be found in the credential

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
System Heroku account. You can find the credentials for this account in the credential
```

> store.

Reviewer 2: Should/could we link to the credential store from the word "credential store" here?

Author: The credential store is a private repo, I don't know whether we want to avoid leaking the name of the repo or not; what do you think @36degrees?

Reviewer: I don't think we gain much from trying to keep it secret, but bear in mind anyone that doesn't have access will just get a 404 – is that going to cause confusion?

Author: > I don't think we gain much from trying to keep it secret, but bear in mind anyone that doesn't have access will just get a 404 – is that going to cause confusion?

I guess that it depends on whether it's clear enough that these are docs aimed mainly at team members than external people.

I've noticed that we also link to the credential store from https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/blob/master/docs/releasing/publishing.md:

> 13. Log into npm (`npm login`), using team [credentials](https://github.com/alphagov/design-system-team-credentials/tree/master/npm/govuk-patterns-and-tools).

Author: I've added a link.
